with kyle snyder at the world team
training camp um obviously your first
senior world team talk about your
approach coming into this camp in this
summer oh well you know it's been a
great experience competing at the world
team trials in the US open of the senior
division and now I'm just excited to
represent the United States in September
in Las Vegas training camps been great
great coaches great partners great
atmosphere so couldn't ask for a better
training situation now you made an
announcement your school that you'd be
taking a redshirt Olympic redshirt next
year talk about that decision for both
you in the program and you know
obviously now you know your path right
it was a pretty easy decision you know
we just i sat down with the four coaches
at Ohio State and we talked about it
you know pretty much we all decided that
it would be best for me to take the
Olympic redshirt this year coach ryan
told me that you know even though it's
gonna hurt the theme a little bit we
still think we can win a national title
team title next year at Ohio State and
he thinks and I also think that it's the
best best thing for me to make an
Olympic team and win an Olympic gold
medal in 2016 so obviously you know
people knew you would do well your first
full senior year but you know open and
trials victory I'm let's talk about how
difficult that was because not too many
people your age have had the opportunity
to make a senior world team well i think
you know it's kind of just put in
perspective to other events I mean it
was probably just as difficult as the
first time I made the junior roll team
but you know now I'm just a little bit
older a little bit stronger a little bit
technically more sound so it was
definitely a tough very tough tournament
both the trials and the open rested a
bunch of great opponents and
I was just grateful that I going to come
out on top and represent the United
States so how much better you feel you
have to be by Vegas you know obviously
you've set the goal of winning right
right so what kind of things do you have
to work on to be the absolute best you
can be when its whistle time in vegas
well I can't really put you know put it
in the words exactly how much better I
have to be but i know i'm fully
confident in by the time i step on the
mat September the world championships
and I'm gonna be ready to ready to win a
gold medal one hundred percent confident
and then I just sat down with the coach
yesterday and watch some film and we
picked out a couple things that I need
to work on like scoring off for somebody
else to shop my counter offense finished
and leg and tie leg attacks not just
pushing people out and also making sure
that guys stay off of my head that I'm
clearing ties and staying in the center
of the man so it's a couple things I
need to work on but how much I need to
get better it's hard to put into words I
just know I'm gonna be raw you looking
forward to Pan Am sees an opportunity to
test that I mean you may run into the
Cuban you saw a few weeks ago and maybe
a few other guys you got it absolutely
yeah I'm excited for the PM's especially
cuz it's the pan of game so I've heard a
bunch of cool stuff so I once every four
years and all the other sports are there
it's like I'm Olympics that's right it's
what I heard it's kind of like the
Olympics so pretty excited about being
able to experience that and then you
know also its competition so that's
where you get the show your hard work so
I hard you work in the room prove
yourself as a competitor and a wrestler
on the competition
you know I'm with some of the best
wrestlers in the world here on the team
the United States Stewart grows to about
a whole team it's just awesome so it's
going to be cool competing side by side
by those guys well hey we look forward
to talking with you as you get closer to
the competition's but congratulations on
a great year so far and you know
obviously have great training camps
thank you very much appreciated